#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section*
Agent high level concepts
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Disscussing two agent concepts, a stochastic agent, and one based on distance.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The stochastic agent will choose goals based on a probability function that
 distributes the goals over a probability function.
 This distribution will be such that the most important goals will always
 have a given certainty of being chosen amongst the X agents.
 Then half of the remaining probability will be the next most important
 goal and so on till the last goal has the final remainder probability.
 A potential later improvement is to modify these probabilities then based
 on distance to the goal.
 So closer agents are more likely to go for the goal.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The agent that uses distance will choose the closest goal it has to go too.
 If no other agent is already doing that.
 These goals will have a priority order to choose from.
 The priority will be gathering blocks that are seen in the order of the
 sequence.
 Then exploring new rooms.
 Distance will be measured in hops on a graph.
 This will assume no conflicts.
 The only exception being the start where each agent starts with a small
 random delay to prevent each agent picking the same goals at the start.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
